about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /about/
---
{% image iraki-avatar.png alt='iraki-avatar' class='avatar' %}

I'm a web developer Python

* Skills:
  * Languages:
    - Python
    - JavaScript
    - HTML5
    - CSS
    - SQL
  * Frameworks/Libraries:
    - Flask
    - SQLAlchemy
    - webapp2
    - jQuery
    - Bootstrap
    - Bourbon Family
    - jinja2
    - Jekyll
    - PostgreSQL
    - SQLite
  * Other:
    - Git/GitHub
    - Vagrant
    - Atom
    - Vim
    - PyCharm
    - Slack

Computer Science BS at Federal University of Pará, Belém, Brazil

...you can [get the PDF]({% asset_path anonym-resume.pdf %}){:target="_blank"} <i class="fa fa-file-pdf-o"></i> directly.

[iraki-github]: http://github.com/iraquitan
[iraki-codepen]: https://codepen.io/iraquitan
[iraki-twitter]: https://twitter.com/iraquitan_filho
[iraki-linkedin]: https://linkedin.com/in/iraquitan

<!-- This is the base Jekyll theme. You can find out more info about customizing your Jekyll theme, as well as basic Jekyll usage documentation at [jekyllrb.com](http://jekyllrb.com/)

You can find the source code for the Jekyll new theme at:
[jekyll-new](https://github.com/jglovier/jekyll-new)

You can find the source code for Jekyll at:
[jekyll](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll) -->

Commit message:

refactor: Bulk changes described below
    - Updated about content
    - Updated Rakefile commit message
    - Added more Refills components: flexbox and stats
    - Updated _config.yml with description
    - Added projects template
    - Added projects page
    - Added Catalog app project

about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /about/
---
{% image iraki-avatar.png alt='iraki-avatar' class='avatar' %}

I'm a Computer Science graduated at Federal University of Pará, Belém, Brazil.
Currently working on research field, with Brain Computer Interfaces (BCI), but
already professionalizing in web development with Udacity's Full Stack Web
Development Nanodegree.

* Skills:
  * Languages:
    - Python
    - JavaScript
    - HTML5
    - CSS
    - SQL
  * Frameworks/Libraries:
    - Flask
    - SQLAlchemy
    - webapp2
    - jQuery
    - Bootstrap
    - Bourbon Family
    - jinja2
    - Jekyll
    - PostgreSQL
    - SQLite
  * Other:
    - Git/GitHub
    - Vagrant
    - Atom
    - Vim
    - PyCharm
    - Slack

You can find my CV in PDF <i class="fa fa-file-pdf-o"></i> format [here]({% asset_path anonym-resume.pdf %}){:target="_blank"}.

[iraki-github]: http://github.com/iraquitan
[iraki-codepen]: https://codepen.io/iraquitan
[iraki-twitter]: https://twitter.com/iraquitan_filho
[iraki-linkedin]: https://linkedin.com/in/iraquitan

<!-- This is the base Jekyll theme. You can find out more info about customizing your Jekyll theme, as well as basic Jekyll usage documentation at [jekyllrb.com](http://jekyllrb.com/)

You can find the source code for the Jekyll new theme at:
[jekyll-new](https://github.com/jglovier/jekyll-new)

You can find the source code for Jekyll at:
[jekyll](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll) -->
